okay so here we have a movie that as an
example that maybe some students created
in class they're not quite done and so
you're there ready to save it and in
iMovie there's no kind of obvious save
project so what you need to do assuming
this is the end of the session is tap on
this little project button that will
bring you out to this marquee and right
now this movie that's highlighted is
what we just saw so if we kind of tap on
it again this is our movie that we're
going to save and I go here and the
title of this movie is just called M and
it's a minute and 35 seconds and the way
that we save it and use it so we can use
it in the future edit in the future as
we hit this button and we choose send
project to iTunes that's the equivalent
of saving this project and what that
does is it kind of wraps all the video
files in a kind of a self-contained
iMovie mobile project file and then the
next step is you need to connect this
iPad to iTunes to save that file we'll
do that next and what I'm going to do
now is I'm going to take that student
project file and I've created some
folders where I want to save that and
those folders are in this other folder
called student movies and I've period
one and period two okay so now I need to
go find that file that movie file and in
order to do that I go across the top
here and I click on apps and then I
scroll down to file sharing and these
are all the apps that share files and
the one I'm interested in is iMovie and
I can see em dot iMovie Mobile is the
actual file source and it's 236
megabytes and so I'm going to save that
and in this example this student is in
first
so I say open and you can see across the
top here it's now copying that 236
megabyte file into that folder and you
would repeat this process for each iPad
that has a student project on it